<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
<head>
    <title>Contact Us - Airline Management System</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            margin: 0;
            padding: 0;
            background-color: #f4f4f4;
        }
        
        .content {
            padding: 20px;
        }
        .content h2 {
            color: #333;
        }
        .faq-container {
            display: flex;
            flex-wrap: wrap;
            gap: 20px;
            justify-content: space-between;
        }
        .faq-card {
            background-color: #fff;
            border: 1px solid #ddd;
            border-radius: 5px;
            box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);
            padding: 15px;
            width: calc(33% - 20px);
            box-sizing: border-box;
        }
        .faq-card h3 {
            margin-top: 0;
            color: #333;
        }
        .faq-card p {
            color: #666;
        }
        .contact-info {
            margin-top: 40px;
            padding: 20px;
            background-color: #fff;
            border: 1px solid #ddd;
            border-radius: 5px;
            box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);
        }
        .footer {
            background-color: #014A99;
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
            padding: 10px 0;
            position: fixed;
            bottom: 0;
            width: 100%;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <ui:include src="/index.xhtml" />
    <div class="content">
        <h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2>
        <div class="faq-container">
            <div class="faq-card">
                <h3>How can I book a flight?</h3>
                <p>You can book a flight through our online booking system or by calling our customer service hotline.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="faq-card">
                <h3>What is the baggage allowance?</h3>
                <p>The standard baggage allowance is 23kg for checked luggage and 7kg for carry-on luggage. Additional baggage can be purchased online.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="faq-card">
                <h3>How can I change or cancel my booking?</h3>
                <p>You can change or cancel your booking through our website under the 'Manage Booking' section or by contacting our customer service.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="faq-card">
                <h3>What are the check-in options?</h3>
                <p>You can check-in online, via our mobile app, or at the airport. Online and mobile check-in open 24 hours before departure.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="faq-card">
                <h3>How can I earn frequent flyer miles?</h3>
                <p>You can earn frequent flyer miles by booking flights with us and through our partner airlines. Visit our frequent flyer page for more details.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="faq-card">
                <h3>What should I do if my flight is delayed or cancelled?</h3>
                <p>If your flight is delayed or cancelled, you will be notified via email or SMS. You can also check the flight status on our website or app.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="contact-info">
            <h2>Contact Information</h2>
            <p>If you have any questions or need further assistance, please contact us:</p>
            <p><strong>Phone:</strong> +1 (555) 123-4567</p>
            <p><strong>Email:</strong> support@airline.com</p>
            <p><strong>Address:</strong> 123 Airline St, Suite 100, City, Country</p>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="footer">
        <p>&copy; 2024 Airline Management System. All rights reserved.</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
